1Q.
What is statically typed and Dynamically typed programming language?
Ans.
Statically Typed Languages
In statically typed programming languages, type checking occurs at compile time.

Dynamically Typed Languages
Conversely, in dynamically typed languages, type checking takes place at runtime or execution time. 

2Q.
What is the variable in java?
Ans.
A variable is a container which holds the value while the Java program is executed. A variable is assigned with a data type.
There are three types of variables in Java:

local variable
instance variable
static variable

3Q.
How to assign a value to variable?
Ans.
int k=20;

4Q.
What are the Primitive data types in java?
Ans.
Primitive data types in Java are predefined by the Java language and named as the reserved keywords. A primitive data type does not share a state with other primitive values. Java programming language supports the following eight primitive data types.

Boolean data type
byte data type
int data type
long data type
float data type
double data type
char data type
short data type

5Q.
What are the identifiers in java?
Ans.
Identifiers in Java are symbolic names used for identification. They can be a class name, variable name, method name, package name, constant name, and more.
public class HelloJava {  
    public static void main(String[] args) {  
        System.out.println("Hello JavaTpoint");  
    }  
}


6Q.
List the Operators in java?
Ans.
Operator in Java is a symbol that is used to perform operations. For example: +, -, *, / etc.

There are many types of operators in Java which are given below:

Unary Operator,
Arithmetic Operator,
Shift Operator,
Relational Operator,
Bitwise Operator,
Logical Operator,
Ternary Operator and
Assignment Operator.


7Q.
Explain about increment and decrement operators and give an examples.
Ans.
Increment and Decrement Operators in Java are used to increase or decrease the value by 1. For example, Incremental operator ++ is useful to increase the existing variable value by 1 (i = i + 1). Moreover, the decrement operator – – is useful to decrease or subtract the current value by 1 (i = i – 1). The syntax of both increment and decrement operators in Java Programming to prefix or postfix is

Increment Operator : ++x or x++

Decrement Operator: --x or x--

